is body look for some water dread
Look, listen, get ready to go.
today a key point you need both of you
and if anything goes wrong I need
Time signed, I can not stay here.
I already told you, it's going to be okay.
this is almost impossible
Ouch It is hurting
I know it's love, let's see if it's not now.
It's just one more step for us today.
Aydano, can you help me, Princess Aiko?
Strength, I'm sure you'll be able to
miguel macedo rio lived in favor and 1 vila
I told you, you'll get girls brigade.
connected if that support that you are
giving is very important for danni
ready
but then I stopped
oh that's improving
if you do not know how happy I am to see
this girl improving what was I
I said I did not say
and Czech of what we imagine this
girl goes to vote in the camera saw
It will take that you tell me when you do not
was there in his meeting with Érika was
great and good
Lying her playing with church bag
I do not know, I think the whole night I
able to speak our
Fernando, but you, the one who talks so much is
lack is when the person talks more
than me and the worst of everything she talks about
it really is her
This is it , it's Carol, is that it?
unfortunately it is not always that people
Find a person we like
talking and exchanging an idea is
amuse
we really like
is ready
I'm sure you want to do this.
can not be recycled for you I want
to help with some good things
do in this life
Thank you, I'm going to leave here. I promise.
you remember that hell so
Charging you, you 're a dreamer.
Seriously, if you will not spend the rest of your life
Life here is beautiful I've spent a lot
time in this place of the old
If I leave here I do not even know where
you neco not you have a lot to
drink
Thank you so much, from the heart of people.
the player claims that the state will still
vote since we could now that
arrived young woman ran away listening to the truck
it was not for me love soon applied well
on that fast track
is to reap with it the color is to open this work
that was in the million notes was
Perfect
ae
and now you may have to wait for a
problem and has the courage of who is the only
safe place, right?
We 're going to stay for a while now, a colleague.
genre to beat is quiet, it works fine
just right for me to find people only have
gain one time